Why should I believe you?
After all, you lied to me before.
Believe it or not?
You can choose not to believe me.
But you have to believe the video
Now you must believe it, I don't believe it
You've already sold me to Willing
How could you possibly come back to save me?
And can you get rid of him?
Of course it's because of our relationship for so many years.
I later found out in my conscience
I think I still miss you
I have returned all the money to Qing and left.
He didn't pursue it anymore
How could he possibly let you go?
Of course not later
Akito Amanzawa
We have been close to each other for so many years
There is no need for one
Outsiders have come to this point
Thought he was not an outsider
He is my woman